
# Release manifest for SkillsPlugin
data/TWiki/SkillsAdminIntroduction.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsPlugin.txt 0664 Plugin Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsAdvancedSearch.txt 0664 Supplemental Documentation
data/TWiki/SkillsBrowseAll.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsCreateNewCategory.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsCreateNewSkill.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsDeleteCategory.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsDeleteSkill.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsDisplayOnHomePage.txt 0664 Supplemental Documentation
data/TWiki/SkillsEditMySkills.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsMoveSkill.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsRenameCategory.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsRenameSkill.txt 0664 UI Topic
data/TWiki/SkillsSearch.txt 0664 UI Topic
lib/TWiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin.pm 0644 Plugin Module
lib/TWiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin/Func.pm 0644 Plugin Module
lib/TWiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin/Query.pm 0644 Plugin Module
lib/TWiki/Plugins/SkillsPlugin/Tag.pm 0644 Plugin Module
pub/TWiki/SkillsPlugin/skills_screenshot_full.png 0644 Screenshot
pub/TWiki/SkillsPlugin/skills_screenshot_search.png 0644 Screenshot
pub/TWiki/SkillsPlugin/skills_screenshot_thumb.png 0644 Screenshot
pub/TWiki/SkillsPlugin/style.css 0644 Default Style Sheet
templates/oopsgeneric.skills.tmpl 0644 Comment Popup Template

